# Reference


# Background
20 healthy young adults (mean age=21.15, 12 females) were scanned using simultaneous EEG-fMRI (high-density 256-electrode EGI system; 3T GE TR=2.5 seconds, 4mm) while performing three cognitive tasks during three conditions: normal baseline, following 24-hrs total SD, and after a one-hour recovery nap opportunity. The cognitive tasks incorporated the cognitive domains of attention (Attention Network Task), working memory (N-back task), and vigilance (Psychomotor Vigilance Task).A hierarchical measure of integration derived from mutual information of covariance in Gaussian distributions [9], within the entire brain and for each of 17 functional brain networks[10] was computed on the group average correlation matrix for each condition. The change in total brain integration from baseline to SD for each subject was then correlated with the percentage of correct trials and mean reaction time for each task. Overall, there was a widespread increase in the functional correlations between cortical parcellations from the baseline to SD. This was followed by a decrease in
connectivity to a lesser extent from the SD to post-nap. Similarly, total brain integration increased during SD and then decreased following the nap. Within-network integration showed the greatest increase within the somatomotor network, followed by the dorsal attention network. These networks, in addition to part of the visual network, showed the greatest decrease in integration after the nap. The extent of the increase in total brain integration within each individual was negatively correlated with change in performance accuracy from baseline to SD on both the ANT and N-back tasks, but not the PVT. 
